# assignment-2-clinardos
assignment-2-clinardos created by GitHub Classroom


# assignment -2-q1-clinardos
Assignnment 2-q1 link: https://editor.p5js.org/clinardos/full/OTcik2PZn; This is the p5.js link for the first question of Assignment 2. Within this question I copied my code from the previous assignment in which I had created the letter "C" In a pink color with a dark pink background out of squares. For this question, I essentially redid my code or vamped up to create a function in which would create a row within the sketch. I then wrote code that would display multiple of the rows to form a grid. Next, I created another function to allow the "C" to show on top of the row function. 

# assignment -2-q2-clinardos
Assignment 2-q2 link: https://editor.p5js.org/clinardos/full/oLZ_deAlb For this assignment, the goal was to make our own shapes. I decided that I would try to sketch out the outline of the state of Michigan using the p5.js software. The canvas is 400 by 400 pixels wide and I used the 'beginShape()' as well as 'vertex()' to allow me to accurately create the outline. When you run this program you will notice that this only includes the mitt part of Michigan and not the U.P. I chose a royal blue color for my background and a light sky blue for the inside of the outline. The outline is made with a heavy stroke weight. 

# assignment -2-q3-clinardos
Assignment 2-q3 link: https://editor.p5js.org/clinardos/full/T-qR6uFJi For this portion of the assignment, the task was to alter the previous shape that was made into a function. Also, the function must have three variables. While using the p5.js software I began to create my shape into a function. Still using a 400 x 400 canvas, I copy and pasted my shape under the function which I named michigan. An example of the function: function michigan (x,y,size). The three variables control the position of the shape and the scale. After completing function, I then added 'michigan' into the draw portion of the code. By doing this, my shape appeared on the canvas. Next I used the three variables to adequately size the shape to fill the canvas evenly. 

# assignment -2-q4-clinardos
Assignment 2-q4 link: https://editor.p5js.org/clinardos/full/elqJGa4xF The task of question 4 in assignment 2 was to create your own flag. I had to choose two different flags and combine their characteristics into one flag. The rule was you had to choose a country from the first letter of your first name and another country with the first letter of your last name. I chose the countries Cabo Verdes and Laos. To create my personal flag I used the p5.js software and a 600x400 canvas. I first set my background to the color "darkslateblue". I created three different functions. The first function defined as "triangleStar" is a simple function that creates a small triangle. This function was created to be helpful within another function. Next, the "addStar" function was created. This allowed 5 of the "triangleStar's" to come together to form a star. The last function created a sort of graphic or sprite even. This function defined as "addEllipsestars" when called creates an ellipse with stars surrounding it. For the "triangleStar" a knob was added to allow for the shape to rotate. For the other two functions, three knobs were added two (x & y) for translate and one (size) for scale. This allowed for easier setup of the actual flag. After creating these functions I layered multiple rectangles in brick red and white within draw() function. Then added the "addEllipsestars" function to the draw () function. After this I created a custom shape to go inside the ellipse of the "addEllipsestars". 

#assignment -2-q4-clinardos
Assignment 2-q4 continued... The meaning of each part of the flag: The blue background represents Cabo Verdes. Next, first brick red rectangle represent Laos. The white and brick red rectangles represent Cabo Verdes. The white ellipse represents Laos. The gold stars represent Cabo Verdes. Lastly the blue shape inside the ellipse represents Laos
